chore: adds fields to user for migration (#1127)
yldio/asap-hub: README.md

The [`docs`](docs) folder contains overall architecture / decision documentation.
The [`dev`](dev) folder contains documentation regarding the local dev environment for the backend.

## Squidex schema changes and graphql

> Once schema changes have added via packages/squidex/schema and released. The GraphQL definations need to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once schema changes are added via packages/squidex/schema and released the GraphQL definitions need to be updated. 
```

Author: committed changes

`yarn schema:update`

> Then commit the changed.

Reviewer: we should say that the command updates the schema and queries according to the graphql schema of the application that your environment is pointing to (through the .env file for example)

Author: done
